1) resources/monitor.properties

a) lookAndFeel. You can choose the look and feel of the GUI admin monitor.
Possible values: system, java, windows (not supported on Linux), motif,
metal (same as java).

b) x,y,width,height. The GUI admin monitor stores its location and size when
exiting and loads the values when starting up.

c) cachedObjectsPanelGuiOutput. Set it to false if you don't want to have
output to the GUI panel (maybe because it's too big and you just want it
in the log file).

d) roundId. If roundId>=0, it will be set after the load. 
If round<0, you'll have to set it manually. 

2) resources/monitor_server.properties

a) allowedIPs. Comma,space,tab-separated list of IPs in the form "X.X.X.X".
When accepting a new connection the listener first checks whether
you run the admin monitor from the same computer. Then it checks whether
the remoteIP is in the allowedIPs list.

b) tabooWords. Comma,space,tab-separated list of taboo words. If a user
uses one of these words in a chat, the admin monitor will get the message.
We check all chat messages. 

3) sorting

You can sort by clicking on table headers. It's also possible to click holding
Shift, in this case you get an opposite sorting (for example, if you click on 
"ID" you get an ascending sorting [default] - 0,1,2, if you click holding Shift 
you get a descending sorting - 2,1,0). The default sort order for columns:
a) ServerID - ascending: 0,1,2
b) ID - ascending: 0,1,2
c) IP Address - ascending: 0.0.0.0, 1.1.1.1
d) Username - ascending: Alice, Bob
e) 1sec, .. , total - descending: 2,1,0

Also, if you click on "Total", and then "Username", the sort order should be
by Username then by Total. The default sort order is by ServerID, then by ID.

4) chat panel

You can edit it.

5) Ban IP Command ("Admin Commands -> Ban IP..."). 

Admins can use this command to ban a particular IP address in case of a denial-of-service
attack (in this case only the accept handler will be stressed). There's also another way
of preventing the user to enter the system. You can set the user status to inactive (see admin
commands). This command has an effect only for the life of the server. If you want to
ban permanently certain IPs, you have to add these IPs to the bannedIPs property in the
listener.properties file (see listener_properties.txt).
