{round_name}  {round_date}
Official Rules and Regulations 
No purchase necessary to enter or win. 

Appeals
The results of a Single Round Match will be considered, by TopCoder, to be final 
at 11:00 AM ET on the day following the Single Round Match.  Any appeals regarding 
the validity of these results must be received by TopCoder at the service@topcoder.com 
email address no later than 11:00 AM ET on the second day following the date on 
which the Single Round Match was held.

Structure
Each competition room will have a maximum of 20 coders. There will be 2 
divisions. Division 1 is 1200 rating and up, while Division two is below 1200. 
The single round match room assignments will only place members of like 
divisions together. Any member who changes divisions as a result of a rating 
change will compete in their new division in the next rated event following 
the rating change. 

About the Tournament 

When to start the Online Tournament Rounds 
TopCoder members must register for the online tournament. Registration from 
{reg_start_time} to {reg_end_time} on {reg_date}. To register, login to the 
Tournament Arena applet, click on the 'Active Contests' menu, then choose 
the option for the contest you would like to register for, and choose 'Register'. 
TopCoder members from all over the world will be participating in this event, 
but all start times will be communicated as Eastern Time, so contestants in 
different time zones must adjust accordingly. All competitors who have 
registered for the online tournament round will be assigned to a specific 
competition room. TopCoder will perform the room assignments prior to the 
start of a match, in a manner that will place like rated coders in the same 
room. The Online Round will begin at {round_start}.


Upon Entering an Online Tournament Round 
Each online tournament round consists of three phases: the coding phase, 
challenge phase, and the testing phase. 
The Coding Phase is a timed event where all contestants within a given 
division are presented with the same three questions representing three levels 
of complexity and, accordingly, three levels of point earnings potential.
Points for a problem are awarded upon submission of any solution that 
successfully compiles. 

The Challenge Phase is a timed event wherein each competitor has a chance 
to challenge the functionality of other competitors' code. 
A successful challenge will award 50 points to the challenger, and any 
points gained by the submitter for the problem will be lost. Unsuccessful 
challenges will cost the challenger 50 points as a penalty, applied to their 
total score in that round of competition. 

The Automated Testing Phase is applied to all submitted code that has not 
already been successfully challenged. If TopCoder finds code that is flawed, 
the author of that code submission will lose all of the points they earned 
for that code submission. The automated tester will apply a set of inputs,
expecting the output from the code submission to be correct. If the output 
from a coder's submission does not match the expected output, the submission 
is considered flawed. The same set of input/output test cases will be applied 
to all code submissions for a given problem. 

All contestants, who opened a problem during the round, will have their 
ratings adjusted up or down to reflect their performance, based on TopCoder's 
rating formula.

Conditions of Participation 
By participating in the tournament, you agree to be bound by these rules and 
to all decisions of TopCoder, which are final, binding and conclusive in 
all matters.

Contestants must not cheat; all ideas for any code and/or challenge submitted 
must be the contestant's alone.  No collaboration of any kind is allowed 
during TopCoder rated events.

All decisions relating to the viability of submissions, the ranking of 
submissions and all other matters pertaining to the tournament shall be 
within the sole discretion of TopCoder or its designee and shall be final 
and binding in all respects.

TopCoder, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to disqualify any person 
tampering with the entry process, the operation of the Web site, 
the tournament process, or is otherwise in violation of the rules. 
TopCoder reserves the right to cancel, terminate or modify the tournament 
if it is not capable of completion as planned for any reason, including 
infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention 
or technical failures of any sort.

Participants 
The match is open to all members who are at least 13 years of age.

All competitors must be registered members of TopCoder, and must have agreed 
to the rules on this page by the {round_date} {reg_end_time} registration deadline.

Employees of TopCoder and those involved in the development, production 
(including prize suppliers and sponsors), implementation and distribution of 
this tournament and their advertising or promotion agencies, parent companies,
service providers, agents, officers, subsidiaries or affiliates, 
or any other persons or entities directly associated with the tournament and 
members of the immediate families and/or persons living in the same 
household as such persons, are ineligible to enter the tournament.

Other 
The tournament is void in whole or in part where prohibited by law.

A winners list of coder handles for all competitions will be available on the 
web site at  http://www.topcoder.com displayed for at least 3 months after 
the end of the competition.

This tournament is brought to you by 
TopCoder, Inc., 703 Hebron Ave, Glastonbury, CT 06033.